[Music]
nine ways to lose weight for super lazy
people
it always seems like summer sneaks up on
us faster than we're ready for if you
want to skip on the gym and still lose
those extra pounds quick and
effortlessly then you'll like what we
have in store for you tighten your belt
a lot of us have pretty much zero self
control when it comes to having a plate
of delicious food in front of us but
when you don't set certain limits for
yourself things quickly snowball out of
control and you can end up with unwanted
pounds but there is a really simple and
practical approach you can use to change
the situation for the better just tie a
ribbon around your waist before every
meal when you feel it becoming too tight
that's the signal for you to stop eating
there you go
no more overeating it's as easy as that
drink from tall glasses we get a
surprisingly large part of the calories
we need not from food but from drinks
that's why whenever you're putting
together a healthy menu for yourself you
shouldn't forget about beverages and
don't worry about just drinking water or
sugar-free stuff all you have to do is
drink what you like from a tall glass
seems paradoxical I know
let me explain one cup of juice contains
about 130 calories and about 20 grams of
sugar you can cut this amount down if
you drink it from a tall glass that's
because on average we pour 20 to 30%
less liquid into tall thin glasses than
we do short ones try this psychological
trick out and you'll definitely see a
difference
eat with a timer another good way to
avoid overeating is to set a timer for
every meal you have these days almost
everybody has an insanely busy schedule
and when you rush while you're eating
you're bound to overeat this happens
because your brain just doesn't have
enough time to get the signal from your
stomach when it's actually full so
whenever you're about to sit down to a
meal set a timer for 20 minutes and try
to eat slowly you can also combine this
trick with a couple of others but we'll
talk about it a bit later what matters
is that with this approach you'll
already be full by eating just half of
your plate not bad right take hot baths
researchers from England's Lowe burrow
University have made a very interesting
discovery hot water doesn't just help
you relax it can also make you lose
weight during their studies they found
that one hour spent in a hot bath burns
around 130 calories that's basically the
same amount you lose after walking for
30 minutes plus your blood sugar levels
decrease by 10 percent just one more
reason to pamper yourself with a hot
bubble bath always keep a bowl of fruit
on the table you know what they say out
of sight out of mind
well the same goes the other way around
try to keep a bowl of fruit on your
kitchen counter or table at all times
scientists have found that when you
constantly see healthy foods you program
yourself to eat healthier it's sort of
like eating with your eyes that's why
this approach works with not just real
fruit and vegetables but even pictures
to try subscribing to healthy diet
groups on social media they can give you
some scrumptious ideas and inspire you
to diversify your menu sit at the end of
the table
it might sound strange but eating your
place at the table can make a difference
when it comes to your weight it's pure
logic when you sit at a table surrounded
by extremely tempting foods it's almost
impossible not to eat them but if you
sit at the end of the table you are
likely to skip out on certain foods
simply because they're harder to reach
the true lazybones out there and know
what I'm talking about this trick is
especially good for holidays or dinner
parties where there's always a huge
banquet sprawled out on the table and
when everybody else is complaining about
feeling bloated and weighed down after
dinner
you'll be sitting pretty thanks to this
secret weapon do something rewarding
before eating we all know the satisfying
feeling of blowing out the candles on
our birthday cake or popping open a
bottle of champagne on New Year's the
food that comes along with certain
traditions usually seems a little
tastier doesn't it well researchers from
the University of Minnesota think so too
if you've decided to follow a healthy
diet and be more conscientious about
what you eat try to do something nice
before having a meal it can be anything
that brings you joy and puts a smile on
your face even then that saltless butter
less steamed broccoli will seem like the
best food ever cut food into small
pieces
another great way to trick yourself into
eating less is to cut your food into
small pieces this will give your brain
the impression that there's more on the
plate than there actually is
thanks to this you'll feel full much
faster and won't overeat using a smaller
plate or replacing your silverware with
chopsticks works the same way and if you
combine this method with the timer trick
we mentioned earlier you'll get even
better results use your imagination
you'll really like this discovery from
Carnegie Mellon University scientists
there claim that an imaginary lunch
helps us eat less in actual life in
their study it turned out that the
people who imagined eating M&Ms ended up
eating less than other participants of
the experiment so that means there's no
harm in daydreaming about mouth-watering
meatballs donuts or soft chocolate chip
cookies have you ever used tricks like
these to lose weight tell us in the
comments don't forget to click subscribe
to stay on the right side of life
you